Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Receives FDA Approval for New Formulation of Acetadote | SYS-CON MEDIA   Jump to a SYS-CON Magazine .NET Developer's Journal apache.SYS-CON.com AjaxWorld Magazine - AWM Cloud Computing Journal cms.SYS-CON.com ColdFusion Developer's Journal crm.SYS-CON.com Eclipse Developer's Journal Enterprise Open Source Magazine Flex Developer's Journal - Flex HP.SYS-CON.com Internet Video - iTV iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE IT Solutions Guide Java Developer's Journal Linux.SYS-CON.com Open Web Developer's Journal oracle.SYS-CON.com perl.SYS-CON.com PHP.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal python.SYS-CON.com redhat.SYS-CON.com ruby.SYS-CON.com SEO/SEM (Search) Journal Silverlight Developer's Journal saas.SYS-CON.com SAP.SYS-CON.com SOAWorld Magazine - SWM Symbian Developer's Journal Virtualization.SYS-CON.com Web 2.0 Journal WebLogic Journal WebSphere Journal Wireless Business & Technology XML Journal The i-Technology Media! Register | Log in       .NET  ·  AJAX  ·  CLOUD  ·  ECLIPSE  ·  FLEX  ·  OPEN WEB  ·  iPHONE  ·  JAVA  ·  LINUX  ·  OPEN SOURCE  ·  ORACLE  ·  PBDJ  ·  SEARCH  ·  SILVERLIGHT  ·  SOA  ·  VIRTUALIZATION  ·  WEB 2.0  ·  WIRELESS  ·  XML Comments Web 2.0 Is Dead. Long Live Web 2.0! By Fuat Kircaali rabcraig wrote: I regret what i said, i dont think that Craigslist has to improve, they're really simplistic and you can search classifieds like you would do in a newspaper. Dec. 29, 2010 06:59 PM EST read more & respond » Cloud Expo on Google News  Did you read today's front page stories & breaking news?  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 West DIAMOND SPONSOR: Oracle Roadmap to Enterprise Cloud Computing PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Next Generation Cloud Management - Introducing the Virtual Enterprise Adaptivity The Enterprise Cloud Lifecycle Microsoft The Move is On: Cloud Strategies for Businesses PLATINUM SPONSORS: Red Hat Unlocking the Value of the Cloud Today SAP The Journey to On Demand - Lessons Learned from Small, High-Growth Customers Unisys What if You Could Transform IT Your Way, Using Cloud 2.0? GOLD SPONSORS: CA Technologies. Changing the Game: How to Get a Cloud Service Up and Running in Less Than 30 Days Cisco Cisco Cloud Strategy, Within and Across Data Centers Compuware Borderless Applications: The Future of Performance in the Cloud Cordys The Business Value of the Cloud Intel Next Cloud on the Horizon: Exascale to Microservers Navisite Cloud Computing – Extending Your IT Infrastructure Quest Software The Private Cloud in Practice: Case Studies & Proven Strategies Rackspace Hosting OpenStack for the Enterprise SoftLayer It's All Cloud: Blurring the Line Between Dedicated and Cloud Service Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise VMware An Evolutionary Path to Cloud Computing - VMware's Private, Public, and Hybrid Cloud Solutions Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 East PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Eliminate Vendor Lock-in with Next-Generation Virtualization Management Adaptivity Building the Cloud Blueprint for Enterprise IT GOLD SPONSORS: Cordys Continuous Business Transformation: The Cloud Value Chain Microsoft Microsoft's Cloud Services Approach Navisite Defining Enterprise-Class Cloud Computing: Managed Cloud Services Surgient Deploy an Enterprise Private Cloud in Less Than 30 Days with Surgient Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise The Planet The Cloud’s Not the Revolution: Cloud Usage Is Unisys Storm Clouds - Disruptive Technologies Creating the "New Normal" Virtual Ark Third-Generation Outsourcing Is Here! Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Live Google News by SYS-CON! Top Three Links You Must Click On From the Wires Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Receives FDA Approval for New Formulation of Acetadote - Company commences launch of the next generation product By: PR Newswire Jan. 13, 2011 05:06 PM NASHVILLE, Tenn., Jan. 13, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. (Nasdaq: CPIX) today announced that it has received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for a new formulation of Acetadote® (acetylcysteine) Injection, the Company's product used to treat acetaminophen poisoning. The proprietary new formulation, which does not contain Ethylene diamine tetracetic acid or any other stabilization and chelating agents and is free of preservatives, will replace the currently marketed product. Cumberland is immediately commencing U.S. launch activities for this next generation Acetadote product and will no longer manufacture the previously approved formulation. Acetadote, which has been available in the United States since Cumberland's 2004 introduction of the product, is currently used in hospital emergency departments to prevent or lessen potential liver damage resulting from an overdose of acetaminophen, a common ingredient in many over-the-counter pain relief and fever-reducing products. Acetaminophen continues to be the leading cause of poisonings reported by hospital emergency rooms in the United States, and Acetadote has become a standard of care for treating this potentially life-threatening condition. "We are committed to further developing our products, whether to expand into new patient populations or to improve upon an existing formulation, and worked with the FDA to develop this new formulation of Acetadote," said A.J. Kazimi, Chief Executive Officer of Cumberland Pharmaceuticals. "We look forward to introducing this next generation product to the hospital community and the growing number of patients who will benefit from it." The new formulation of Acetadote is the result of a phase IV commitment Cumberland made to the FDA upon receipt of initial marketing approval of the product. Cumberland initiated a program to develop the new formulation and determined that it could be prepared and scaled in a commercial manufacturing setting without compromising the potency, solubility or stability of the product. The Company obtained approval for an extended shelf life with the new product, up from 24 months for the original formulation to 30 months. About Acetadote Acetadote, administered intravenously within 8 to 10 hours after ingestion of a potentially hepatotoxic quantity of acetaminophen, is indicated to prevent or lessen hepatic injury. Used in the emergency department, Acetadote is the only injectable product approved in the United States to treat overdose of acetaminophen, a common ingredient in many over-the-counter painkillers. Acetadote is contraindicated in patients with hypersensitivity or previous anaphylactoid reactions to acetylcysteine or any components of the preparation. Serious anaphylactoid reactions, including death in a patient with asthma, have been reported in patients administered acetylcysteine intravenously. Acetadote should be used with caution in patients with asthma, or where there is a history of bronchospasm. The total volume administered should be adjusted for patients weighing less than 40 kg and for those requiring fluid restriction. To avoid fluid overload, the volume of diluent should be reduced as needed. If volume is not adjusted, fluid overload can occur, potentially resulting in hyponatremia, seizure, and death. For full prescribing information, visit www.acetadote.net. About Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a Tennessee-based specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the acquisition, development and commercialization of branded prescription products. The Company's primary target markets include hospital acute care and gastroenterology. Cumberland's product portfolio includes Acetadote® (acetylcysteine) Injection for the treatment of acetaminophen poisoning, Caldolor® (ibuprofen) Injection, the first injectable treatment for pain and fever available in the United States, and Kristalose® (lactulose) for Oral Solution, a prescription laxative. Cumberland is dedicated to providing innovative products which improve quality of care for patients. For more information, please visit the company website at www.cumberlandpharma.com. Important Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Cumberland's current views with respect to future events, based on what it believes are reasonable assumptions. No assurance can be given that these events will occur. As with any business, all phases of operations are subject to influences outside of the Company's control. Risk factors that could materially affect results of operations include, among other things, market conditions, intense competition from existing and new products, an inability of manufacturers to produce Acetadote on a timely basis or a failure of manufacturers to comply with stringent regulations applicable to drug manufacturers, maintaining and building an effective sales and marketing infrastructure, government regulation, the possibility that marketing exclusivity and patent rights may provide only limited protection from competition, and other factors related to the Company including those under the headings "Risk factors" and "Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in Cumberland's Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 19, 2010. There can be no assurance that the results or developments anticipated by Cumberland will be realized or, if realized, that they will have the expected effects. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Cumberland undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to these statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof. SOURCE Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc. Published Jan. 13, 2011 Copyright © 2011 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author. About PR Newswire Copyright © 2007 PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PRNewswire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of PRNewswire. PRNewswire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Subscribe to the World's Most Powerful Newsletters Subscribe to Our Rss Feeds & Get Your SYS-CON News Live! Click to Add our RSS Feeds to the Service of Your Choice: View Additional SYS-CON Feeds Publish Your Article! Please send it to editorial(at)sys-con.com! Advertise on this site! Contact advertising(at)sys-con.com! 201 802-3021  SYS-CON Featured Whitepapers ADS BY GOOGLE  Breaking Java News ATW Gold Corp.: Name Change to Redhill Resources Corp. OnStar Looking for Application Developers of the Future C7 Technologies and Dalcon Communication Systems, Inc. Announce Partnership TeamStaff, Inc. Announces Delay of Year End Results Billionaire Alki David and Mike Mozart Release Second Incendiary CBS Video in Response to Leslie Moonves' Comments American Capital Agency Corp. Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock The X-Change Corporation Completes the 2010 Audit and Files a 10k to Complete the Asset Purchase of 21-Century Silicon, Inc. LSSO's Legal Lean Sigma(TM) Process Improvement Certifications Help Legal Profession Increase Efficiency, Deliver Value and Boost Profits Seattle Lighting Receives First Batch of VU1 ESL Energy Efficient Light Bulbs INOVA Announces Sale to One of the Largest Operating Crews in Southern Iraq  ADVERTISE   |   MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTIONS   |   FREE BREAKING-NEWSLETTERS!   |   SYS-CON.TV   |   BLOG-N-PLAY!   |   WEBCAST   |   EDUCATION   |   RESEARCH .NET Developer's Journal - .NETDJ   |   ColdFusion Developer's Journal - CFDJ   |   Eclipse Developer's Journal - EDJ   |   Enterprise Open Source Magazine - EOS Open Web Developer's Journal - OPENWEB   |   iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE   |   Virtualization - Virtualization   |   Java Developer's Journal - JDJ   |   Linux.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal - PBDJ   |   SEO / SEM Journal - SJ   |   SOAWorld Magazine - SOAWM   |   IT Solutions Guide - ITSG   |   Symbian Developer's Journal - SDJ WebLogic Developer's Journal - WLDJ   |   WebSphere Journal - WJ   |   Wireless Business & Technology - WBT   |   XML-Journal - XMLJ   |   Internet Video - iTV Flex Developer's Journal - Flex   |   AJAXWorld Magazine - AWM   |   Silverlight Developer's Journal - SLDJ   |   PHP.SYS-CON.com   |   Web 2.0 Journal - WEB2 Apache   |   CMS   |   CRM   |   HP   |   Oracle Journal   |   Perl   |   Python   |   Red Hat   |   Ruby on Rails   |   SAP   |   SaaS SYS-CON MEDIA:   ABOUT US   |   CONTACT US   |   COMPANY NEWS   |   CAREERS   |   SITE MAP SYS-CON EVENTS:   |  AJAXWorld Conference & Expo  |  iPhone Developer Summit  |  Cloud Computing Conference & Expo  |  SOA World Conference & Expo  |  Virtualization Conference & Expo INTERNATIONAL SITES:   India  |  U.K.  |  Canada  |  Germany  |  France  |  Australia  |  Italy  |  Spain  |  Netherlands  |  Brazil  |  Belgium  Terms of Use & Our Privacy Statement     About Newsfeeds / Video Feeds Copyright ©1994-2008 SYS-CON Publications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All marks are trademarks of SYS-CON Media. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of SYS-CON Publications, Inc. is prohibited.    close this window