Vertis Communications Adds State-of-the-Art Digital Equipment to Meet Customers’ Growing Need for Large Format Graphics | SYS-CON MEDIA   Jump to a SYS-CON Magazine .NET Developer's Journal apache.SYS-CON.com AjaxWorld Magazine - AWM Cloud Computing Journal cms.SYS-CON.com ColdFusion Developer's Journal crm.SYS-CON.com Eclipse Developer's Journal Enterprise Open Source Magazine Flex Developer's Journal - Flex HP.SYS-CON.com Internet Video - iTV iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE IT Solutions Guide Java Developer's Journal Linux.SYS-CON.com Open Web Developer's Journal oracle.SYS-CON.com perl.SYS-CON.com PHP.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal python.SYS-CON.com redhat.SYS-CON.com ruby.SYS-CON.com SEO/SEM (Search) Journal Silverlight Developer's Journal saas.SYS-CON.com SAP.SYS-CON.com SOAWorld Magazine - SWM Symbian Developer's Journal Virtualization.SYS-CON.com Web 2.0 Journal WebLogic Journal WebSphere Journal Wireless Business & Technology XML Journal The i-Technology Media! Register | Log in       .NET  ·  AJAX  ·  CLOUD  ·  ECLIPSE  ·  FLEX  ·  OPEN WEB  ·  iPHONE  ·  JAVA  ·  LINUX  ·  OPEN SOURCE  ·  ORACLE  ·  PBDJ  ·  SEARCH  ·  SILVERLIGHT  ·  SOA  ·  VIRTUALIZATION  ·  WEB 2.0  ·  WIRELESS  ·  XML Comments Web 2.0 Is Dead. Long Live Web 2.0! By Fuat Kircaali rabcraig wrote: I regret what i said, i dont think that Craigslist has to improve, they're really simplistic and you can search classifieds like you would do in a newspaper. Dec. 29, 2010 06:59 PM EST read more & respond » Cloud Expo on Google News  Did you read today's front page stories & breaking news?  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 West DIAMOND SPONSOR: Oracle Roadmap to Enterprise Cloud Computing PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Next Generation Cloud Management - Introducing the Virtual Enterprise Adaptivity The Enterprise Cloud Lifecycle Microsoft The Move is On: Cloud Strategies for Businesses PLATINUM SPONSORS: Red Hat Unlocking the Value of the Cloud Today SAP The Journey to On Demand - Lessons Learned from Small, High-Growth Customers Unisys What if You Could Transform IT Your Way, Using Cloud 2.0? GOLD SPONSORS: CA Technologies. Changing the Game: How to Get a Cloud Service Up and Running in Less Than 30 Days Cisco Cisco Cloud Strategy, Within and Across Data Centers Compuware Borderless Applications: The Future of Performance in the Cloud Cordys The Business Value of the Cloud Intel Next Cloud on the Horizon: Exascale to Microservers Navisite Cloud Computing – Extending Your IT Infrastructure Quest Software The Private Cloud in Practice: Case Studies & Proven Strategies Rackspace Hosting OpenStack for the Enterprise SoftLayer It's All Cloud: Blurring the Line Between Dedicated and Cloud Service Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise VMware An Evolutionary Path to Cloud Computing - VMware's Private, Public, and Hybrid Cloud Solutions Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 East PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Eliminate Vendor Lock-in with Next-Generation Virtualization Management Adaptivity Building the Cloud Blueprint for Enterprise IT GOLD SPONSORS: Cordys Continuous Business Transformation: The Cloud Value Chain Microsoft Microsoft's Cloud Services Approach Navisite Defining Enterprise-Class Cloud Computing: Managed Cloud Services Surgient Deploy an Enterprise Private Cloud in Less Than 30 Days with Surgient Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise The Planet The Cloud’s Not the Revolution: Cloud Usage Is Unisys Storm Clouds - Disruptive Technologies Creating the "New Normal" Virtual Ark Third-Generation Outsourcing Is Here! Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Live Google News by SYS-CON! Top Three Links You Must Click On From the Wires Vertis Communications Adds State-of-the-Art Digital Equipment to Meet Customers’ Growing Need for Large Format Graphics By: Business Wire Jan. 13, 2011 04:57 PM Vertis Communications, a results-driven marketing communications company that delivers inventive advertising, direct marketing and interactive solutions to prominent brands across North America, today announced the addition of three large format digital printing systems in its Irvine, Calif., integrated media solutions facility: two HP Scitex printers and an MGE digital finishing system. Already an industry leader in helping clients leverage large format promotional marketing — such as POP / POS displays, in-store signage, fleet graphics and out-of-home — the installation of the HP Scitex printers and MGE finishing equipment advances Vertis’ suite of end-to-end capabilities. The technology will increase print quality and format options, streamline production time, and reduce waste. “Our clients turn to Vertis for the development of exciting and engaging large format communication programs that raise consumer awareness of products and services, or draw attention to promotional offers,” said Michael Kucharski, senior vice president and general manager of integrated media solutions for Vertis Communications. “The addition of the HP equipment allows Vertis to quickly turn around the highest quality large format campaigns, including those requiring a wide range of output materials or significant volume and customization. The result is an unprecedented ability to deliver the creative and high-impact campaigns demanded by our customers.” The equipment advancements provide marketers added time to complete creative designs and plans by significantly shortening turnaround for large-scale projects. With enhanced production capacity, national brand marketers with large volume requirements can now economically shift to more regionalized or personalized marketing initiatives. The broader range of materials that can be printed on allows boundless creative options for clients’ marketing messages. The HP Scitex FB7500 Printer offers the benefits of digital printing in production environments, helping to reduce project turnaround time and deliver high quality output for large volumes of complex POP/POS applications on a wide variety of substrates. Reducing idle time between sheets by up to 75 percent, and requiring only one operator, the HP Scitex FB7500 Printer has the capacity to handle industrial-scale projects in a fraction of the time and with reduced costs. The HP Scitex LX800 Printer sets a new image-quality standard for industrial large-format production. It is the largest, most productive HP Latex Ink device to date, allowing for direct printing on vinyl, wallpaper and polyester fabrics, including unlined flags. The HP Scitex LX800 Printer and HP Latex inks offer consistent image quality while delivering stellar performance in terms of productivity, size, durability and media choices. Supporting a broader range of applications than traditional printing technologies, this device provides more versatility and helps reduce the impact of printing on the environment. The MGE i-XL Kongsberg digital finishing system for short-run production offers unmatched digital finishing performance, versatility and durability for the large format materials printed by the new HP Scitex printers. The all-in-one integrated cutting head allows for processing of sheets or boards up to 87” by 120” and features automatic surface mapping for improved quality and throughput, including cutting, routing and creasing for complex large format shapes. As part of the Integrated Media Solutions division, Vertis’ Irvine location offers a full service, state-of-the-art facility featuring comprehensive turnkey services including premedia and creative development, digital and large format printing, and project fulfillment and distribution. The facility specializes in POP/POS display graphics for the retail industry, including 3-dimensional structural graphics, roller shades, standees, banners, posters, pop-ups, signs and fleet graphics. The location is certified by the Forest Stewardship Council, offering many eco-friendly alternatives, such as the new HP Scitex LX800 Printer. For more information on Vertis’ integrated marketing capabilities, including the new HP Scitex printers and the MGE digital finishing system, please contact Grace Platon at 800-365-8957. About Vertis Communications Vertis Communications is a results-driven marketing communications company that delivers inventive advertising, direct marketing and interactive solutions to prominent brands across North America. Our deep industry knowledge and extensive range of offerings — including integrated data solutions, digital program management systems, creative services, world-class print and mail production, logistics, out-of-home and business process outsourcing — are used to deliver superior program performance that drives bottom line results for our clients. With 100 strategically positioned locations and more than 5,000 dedicated professionals, we deliver impeccable quality and fast turn-around to any market. For more information, visit www.vertisinc.com. This press release may contain forward-looking statements. The words “believes,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “estimates,” “plans,” “intends,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Factors that may cause these differences include fluctuations in the cost of raw materials we use, changes in the advertising, marketing and information services markets, the financial condition of our customers, actions by our competitors, changes in the legal or regulatory environment, general economic and business conditions in the U.S. and other countries, and changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates. Consequently, you should consider any such forward-looking statements only as our current plans, estimates, and beliefs. Even if those plans, estimates, or beliefs change because of future events or circumstances, we decline any obligation to publicly update or revise any such forward-looking statements. Published Jan. 13, 2011 Copyright © 2011 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author. About Business Wire Copyright © 2009 Business Wire. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Business Wire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Business Wire. Business Wire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Subscribe to the World's Most Powerful Newsletters Subscribe to Our Rss Feeds & Get Your SYS-CON News Live! Click to Add our RSS Feeds to the Service of Your Choice: View Additional SYS-CON Feeds Publish Your Article! Please send it to editorial(at)sys-con.com! Advertise on this site! Contact advertising(at)sys-con.com! 201 802-3021  SYS-CON Featured Whitepapers ADS BY GOOGLE  Breaking Java News ATW Gold Corp.: Name Change to Redhill Resources Corp. OnStar Looking for Application Developers of the Future C7 Technologies and Dalcon Communication Systems, Inc. Announce Partnership TeamStaff, Inc. Announces Delay of Year End Results Billionaire Alki David and Mike Mozart Release Second Incendiary CBS Video in Response to Leslie Moonves' Comments American Capital Agency Corp. Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock The X-Change Corporation Completes the 2010 Audit and Files a 10k to Complete the Asset Purchase of 21-Century Silicon, Inc. LSSO's Legal Lean Sigma(TM) Process Improvement Certifications Help Legal Profession Increase Efficiency, Deliver Value and Boost Profits Seattle Lighting Receives First Batch of VU1 ESL Energy Efficient Light Bulbs INOVA Announces Sale to One of the Largest Operating Crews in Southern Iraq  ADVERTISE   |   MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTIONS   |   FREE BREAKING-NEWSLETTERS!   |   SYS-CON.TV   |   BLOG-N-PLAY!   |   WEBCAST   |   EDUCATION   |   RESEARCH .NET Developer's Journal - .NETDJ   |   ColdFusion Developer's Journal - CFDJ   |   Eclipse Developer's Journal - EDJ   |   Enterprise Open Source Magazine - EOS Open Web Developer's Journal - OPENWEB   |   iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE   |   Virtualization - Virtualization   |   Java Developer's Journal - JDJ   |   Linux.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal - PBDJ   |   SEO / SEM Journal - SJ   |   SOAWorld Magazine - SOAWM   |   IT Solutions Guide - ITSG   |   Symbian Developer's Journal - SDJ WebLogic Developer's Journal - WLDJ   |   WebSphere Journal - WJ   |   Wireless Business & Technology - WBT   |   XML-Journal - XMLJ   |   Internet Video - iTV Flex Developer's Journal - Flex   |   AJAXWorld Magazine - AWM   |   Silverlight Developer's Journal - SLDJ   |   PHP.SYS-CON.com   |   Web 2.0 Journal - WEB2 Apache   |   CMS   |   CRM   |   HP   |   Oracle Journal   |   Perl   |   Python   |   Red Hat   |   Ruby on Rails   |   SAP   |   SaaS SYS-CON MEDIA:   ABOUT US   |   CONTACT US   |   COMPANY NEWS   |   CAREERS   |   SITE MAP SYS-CON EVENTS:   |  AJAXWorld Conference & Expo  |  iPhone Developer Summit  |  Cloud Computing Conference & Expo  |  SOA World Conference & Expo  |  Virtualization Conference & Expo INTERNATIONAL SITES:   India  |  U.K.  |  Canada  |  Germany  |  France  |  Australia  |  Italy  |  Spain  |  Netherlands  |  Brazil  |  Belgium  Terms of Use & Our Privacy Statement     About Newsfeeds / Video Feeds Copyright ©1994-2008 SYS-CON Publications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All marks are trademarks of SYS-CON Media. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of SYS-CON Publications, Inc. is prohibited.    close this window