Alorica's State-of-the-Art Analytics Tool and Helix by Alorica(R) Platform  | SYS-CON MEDIA   Jump to a SYS-CON Magazine .NET Developer's Journal apache.SYS-CON.com AjaxWorld Magazine - AWM Cloud Computing Journal cms.SYS-CON.com ColdFusion Developer's Journal crm.SYS-CON.com Eclipse Developer's Journal Enterprise Open Source Magazine Flex Developer's Journal - Flex HP.SYS-CON.com Internet Video - iTV iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE IT Solutions Guide Java Developer's Journal Linux.SYS-CON.com Open Web Developer's Journal oracle.SYS-CON.com perl.SYS-CON.com PHP.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal python.SYS-CON.com redhat.SYS-CON.com ruby.SYS-CON.com SEO/SEM (Search) Journal Silverlight Developer's Journal saas.SYS-CON.com SAP.SYS-CON.com SOAWorld Magazine - SWM Symbian Developer's Journal Virtualization.SYS-CON.com Web 2.0 Journal WebLogic Journal WebSphere Journal Wireless Business & Technology XML Journal The i-Technology Media! Register | Log in       .NET  ·  AJAX  ·  CLOUD  ·  ECLIPSE  ·  FLEX  ·  OPEN WEB  ·  iPHONE  ·  JAVA  ·  LINUX  ·  OPEN SOURCE  ·  ORACLE  ·  PBDJ  ·  SEARCH  ·  SILVERLIGHT  ·  SOA  ·  VIRTUALIZATION  ·  WEB 2.0  ·  WIRELESS  ·  XML Comments Web 2.0 Is Dead. Long Live Web 2.0! By Fuat Kircaali rabcraig wrote: I regret what i said, i dont think that Craigslist has to improve, they're really simplistic and you can search classifieds like you would do in a newspaper. Dec. 29, 2010 06:59 PM EST read more & respond » Cloud Expo on Google News  Did you read today's front page stories & breaking news?  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 West DIAMOND SPONSOR: Oracle Roadmap to Enterprise Cloud Computing PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Next Generation Cloud Management - Introducing the Virtual Enterprise Adaptivity The Enterprise Cloud Lifecycle Microsoft The Move is On: Cloud Strategies for Businesses PLATINUM SPONSORS: Red Hat Unlocking the Value of the Cloud Today SAP The Journey to On Demand - Lessons Learned from Small, High-Growth Customers Unisys What if You Could Transform IT Your Way, Using Cloud 2.0? GOLD SPONSORS: CA Technologies. Changing the Game: How to Get a Cloud Service Up and Running in Less Than 30 Days Cisco Cisco Cloud Strategy, Within and Across Data Centers Compuware Borderless Applications: The Future of Performance in the Cloud Cordys The Business Value of the Cloud Intel Next Cloud on the Horizon: Exascale to Microservers Navisite Cloud Computing – Extending Your IT Infrastructure Quest Software The Private Cloud in Practice: Case Studies & Proven Strategies Rackspace Hosting OpenStack for the Enterprise SoftLayer It's All Cloud: Blurring the Line Between Dedicated and Cloud Service Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise VMware An Evolutionary Path to Cloud Computing - VMware's Private, Public, and Hybrid Cloud Solutions Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 East PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Eliminate Vendor Lock-in with Next-Generation Virtualization Management Adaptivity Building the Cloud Blueprint for Enterprise IT GOLD SPONSORS: Cordys Continuous Business Transformation: The Cloud Value Chain Microsoft Microsoft's Cloud Services Approach Navisite Defining Enterprise-Class Cloud Computing: Managed Cloud Services Surgient Deploy an Enterprise Private Cloud in Less Than 30 Days with Surgient Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise The Planet The Cloud’s Not the Revolution: Cloud Usage Is Unisys Storm Clouds - Disruptive Technologies Creating the "New Normal" Virtual Ark Third-Generation Outsourcing Is Here! Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Live Google News by SYS-CON! Top Three Links You Must Click On From the Wires Alorica's State-of-the-Art Analytics Tool and Helix by Alorica(R) Platform Named "Product of the Year" by Customer Interaction Solutions Magazine By: Marketwire . Jan. 13, 2011 05:15 PM CHINO, CA -- (Marketwire) -- 01/13/11 -- Alorica Inc. (www.alorica.com), one of the premier providers of outsourced customer contact management services, announced today that it has been named a winner of the 2010 Product of the Year Award for both Alorica Analytics, its proprietary, state-of-the-art analytics tool, and Helix by Alorica®, its web-based technology management service platform. The accolades were presented by TMC's Customer Interaction Solutions (CIS) magazine, a publication that covers the call center industry. "Today, achieving business longevity means being able to accurately measure, understand and refine your marketing and customer care initiatives," says Andy Lee, CEO of Alorica. "Alorica Analytics gives our clients a clear, accurate view of their performance across multiple campaigns. They can then use this data to make more informed decisions about customer service, product design and business development, thus increasing their odds for success in these areas. Helix by Alorica® provides a comprehensive software suite whose unique web-based architecture bridges CRM support from the front-end to the back-end and across the entire enterprise. Helix by Alorica® is comprised of solution components which can be implemented independently or integrated as one or multiple solutions. Clients may choose the scope of solutions best fitting their specific situation, creating Alorica's value-added proposition." Developed by internal technologists, Alorica's state-of-the-art analytics tool seamlessly consolidates customer data from multiple sources into an intuitive graphical interface, enabling analysis and comparison of metrics from different campaigns and initiatives. The application has a dashboard view that allows Alorica and its clients to secure an instant, high-level snapshot of Key Performance Indicators (KPI's) for all aspects of any client programs. Alorica Analytics provides limitless drill-down reporting capabilities that enable personnel to review, summarize and understand performance trends, issues and resolutions for why customers call, when customers call, customer and product dispositions, and campaign handling data. Other features include customized reporting, multi-level security and detailed "scorecards" of metrics pertaining to agent, team and program attendance, quality, attrition and performance. Helix by Alorica® (HbA) is an integrated, web-based enterprise software suite of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Supply Chain Management (SCM) applications, as well as service automation solutions. HbA acts as an automation tool and enabler of end-to-end e-business, service and customer care solutions. In addition, HbA offers a data analysis tool that is revolutionizing reporting standards, as it accurately transforms transactional and statistical data to business intelligence in real-time. In this capacity, HbA can provide corporate initiatives with future customer predictive behavior patterns, Return-on-Investment (ROI) on product support costs, as well as customer/product lifecycle information for an organization to decide how it wants to provide service versus what type of service it needs to provide. Being 100% web-engineered, there are no accessibility limitations in terms of place or time for HbA's data analysis tool, or any other component of the software suite. Companies were selected to receive the Product of the Year award on the basis of their vision, leadership and diligence. Customer Interaction Solutions has recognized the most groundbreaking products across the call center industry for the past 13 years. Lee adds, "Alorica is incredibly honored to receive these prestigious awards, and we are even more proud of our ability to provide our clients with the insights they need to generate more sales, build long-term customer loyalty and enhance brand value. Alorica Analytics and Helix by Alorica® represent our commitment to continue to do the right thing for our clients, year after year." A complete list of 2010 Product of the Year winners will be published in the January 2011 issue of Customer Interaction Solutions magazine (www.cismag.com). About Alorica Inc. Alorica is a global leader in delivering BPO Customer contact management solutions. Alorica provides a variety of advanced customer contact management solutions such as customer care, technical support, sales, collections and social media services for Fortune 1000 companies mainly in the communications, technology, media, financial services, government, healthcare, automotive, retail and consumer product verticals. Alorica's specialty is providing flexibility to its clients while delivering high quality service. Headquartered in Chino, California with nearly 20,000 employees enterprise-wide housed over 35 global contact management centers, Alorica provides unprecedented client support and attention. Alorica supports several customer communication channels including voice, email, chat and social media from onshore, near shore and offshore facilities. Additionally, Alorica provides fulfillment services and reverse logistics services through its U.S. logistics centers. For more information, please visit www.alorica.com. Media Contact: Danel Kuhlmann Marketing and Communications Director Alorica Inc. Telephone: (303) 204-1833 Published Jan. 13, 2011 Copyright © 2011 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author. About Marketwire . Copyright © 2009 Marketwire. All rights reserved. All the news releases provided by Market Wire are copyrighted. Any forms of copying other than an individual user's personal reference without express written permission is prohibited. Further distribution of these materials is strictly forbidden, including but not limited to, posting, emailing, faxing, archiving in a public database, redistributing via a computer network or in a printed form. Subscribe to the World's Most Powerful Newsletters Subscribe to Our Rss Feeds & Get Your SYS-CON News Live! Click to Add our RSS Feeds to the Service of Your Choice: View Additional SYS-CON Feeds Publish Your Article! Please send it to editorial(at)sys-con.com! Advertise on this site! Contact advertising(at)sys-con.com! 201 802-3021  SYS-CON Featured Whitepapers ADS BY GOOGLE  Breaking Java News ATW Gold Corp.: Name Change to Redhill Resources Corp. OnStar Looking for Application Developers of the Future C7 Technologies and Dalcon Communication Systems, Inc. Announce Partnership TeamStaff, Inc. Announces Delay of Year End Results Billionaire Alki David and Mike Mozart Release Second Incendiary CBS Video in Response to Leslie Moonves' Comments American Capital Agency Corp. Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock The X-Change Corporation Completes the 2010 Audit and Files a 10k to Complete the Asset Purchase of 21-Century Silicon, Inc. LSSO's Legal Lean Sigma(TM) Process Improvement Certifications Help Legal Profession Increase Efficiency, Deliver Value and Boost Profits Seattle Lighting Receives First Batch of VU1 ESL Energy Efficient Light Bulbs INOVA Announces Sale to One of the Largest Operating Crews in Southern Iraq  ADVERTISE   |   MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTIONS   |   FREE BREAKING-NEWSLETTERS!   |   SYS-CON.TV   |   BLOG-N-PLAY!   |   WEBCAST   |   EDUCATION   |   RESEARCH .NET Developer's Journal - .NETDJ   |   ColdFusion Developer's Journal - CFDJ   |   Eclipse Developer's Journal - EDJ   |   Enterprise Open Source Magazine - EOS Open Web Developer's Journal - OPENWEB   |   iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE   |   Virtualization - Virtualization   |   Java Developer's Journal - JDJ   |   Linux.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal - PBDJ   |   SEO / SEM Journal - SJ   |   SOAWorld Magazine - SOAWM   |   IT Solutions Guide - ITSG   |   Symbian Developer's Journal - SDJ WebLogic Developer's Journal - WLDJ   |   WebSphere Journal - WJ   |   Wireless Business & Technology - WBT   |   XML-Journal - XMLJ   |   Internet Video - iTV Flex Developer's Journal - Flex   |   AJAXWorld Magazine - AWM   |   Silverlight Developer's Journal - SLDJ   |   PHP.SYS-CON.com   |   Web 2.0 Journal - WEB2 Apache   |   CMS   |   CRM   |   HP   |   Oracle Journal   |   Perl   |   Python   |   Red Hat   |   Ruby on Rails   |   SAP   |   SaaS SYS-CON MEDIA:   ABOUT US   |   CONTACT US   |   COMPANY NEWS   |   CAREERS   |   SITE MAP SYS-CON EVENTS:   |  AJAXWorld Conference & Expo  |  iPhone Developer Summit  |  Cloud Computing Conference & Expo  |  SOA World Conference & Expo  |  Virtualization Conference & Expo INTERNATIONAL SITES:   India  |  U.K.  |  Canada  |  Germany  |  France  |  Australia  |  Italy  |  Spain  |  Netherlands  |  Brazil  |  Belgium  Terms of Use & Our Privacy Statement     About Newsfeeds / Video Feeds Copyright ©1994-2008 SYS-CON Publications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All marks are trademarks of SYS-CON Media. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of SYS-CON Publications, Inc. is prohibited.    close this window