WEIGHT LOSS BOOT CAMP - 'I lost 5 stone in 3 months' REBOOT  Post a free classified Your Account Logout All results | You are here: Home › Classifieds Dorset › Services › Beauty - Massage - Hair Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services WEIGHT LOSS BOOT CAMP - 'I lost 5 stone in 3 months' REBOOT Professional Posted 4 hours ago in Beauty - Massage - Hair Bridport › Dorchester Click to email this user or Tel: Ad ID 30929218 Description Contact by email Save 30929218 Let me tell you a bit more about Reboot......... REBOOT is the next generation of residential boot camps and training days. We are the only boot camp to offer expert fitness training, three months after care, mind training, nutritional and diet advice, massages and therapies. Why Choose REBOOT? Your individual fitness, mind and nutritional training starts immediately! You will receive a weekly personal training programme - starting now Your personal training programme continues for three months after your stay All your sessions are designed and delivered by the UK's leading fitness and mind experts We cater for all fitness levels - from complete beginners to the very fittest Guaranteed results or your money back! Accommodation - The Old Rectory The Old Rectory, Bridport, Dorset DT6 6HF The REBOOT accommodation offers the splendour and luxury of a Grade II Georgian Old Rectory in the heart of West Dorset. Located in substantial grounds, this idyllic setting will allow you to retreat into a haven of calm, elegance and reflection. The perfect ambience offered by this historic residence provides every opportunity for you to focus on your aims and objectives, to empower you to achieve total relaxation of mind and body and realise your fitness aspirations. The Old Rectory is the principal house in the village and one of the largest rectories in England. The property maintains many of its original features including oak floors, open fireplaces and chandeliers. Thomas Hardy and William Barnes were regular visitors and more recently Mick Jagger. Testimonials: “Prior to arriving at Reboot I was totally lost with an ever increasing waist line, little or no self confidence and a future of regret and emptiness………. then my Reboot journey began! Over the last four months I have lost over 6 stone and know that this is only the start as I am currently training for a 10km run this November. The weight loss is only a small part of how my life has changed – I have a greater confidence in every area of my life with such hope for the future ahead. I have re-enlisted back into my university course and for the first time in my life have aspirations for the future. Not everything in life smells of roses and I do have my bad days, but Mark and Katie have given me the tools I require to overcome the barriers as they arise. I would recommend Reboot to anyone!!” Usman Ulhaq "Thanks to everyone at Reboot for the 12 weeks of aftercare after an amazing week in Dorset. I’ve lost a stone and a half over the past 12 weeks, feel ready to continue my training for a 5k and generally feel positive about being fit and healthy in 2011, thanks, hopefully see you for another boot camp this year x" Ruth Cammish To read more testimonials or find out more please visit: www.rebootdorset.com. Description Area South West Dorset Dorchester Postal Code DT6 Type of ad Professional Offer Posted by bootcamp Member since 13/01/2011 Print this ad Send to a friend   Tags Back to top Body Massage Body Massage Bridport Help us moderate vivastreet [ Scam ] [ Miscategorized ] [ Expired ] Similar ads Back to top relaxing massage Branksome - BH12 MALE MASSAGE THERAPI... Branksome - BH12 MOBILE WAXING BOURNE... Southbourne - BH6 Fat Bob's Barber Sho... Winton - BH9 STOP SMOKING WITH AC... Townsend - BH8 Contact by email Back to top Remember to include your phone number into your message to easily be contacted back. All spamming or advertisement will be deleted right away Tel: Your email here Recipient Subject Add Attachment Message Please do not enter any email address in this box, they would be deleted by our moderators. Security Code Refresh security code Copy Security Code send_reply_validating vivamail_disclaimer_explanation vivamail_privacy_policy Vivamail Terms and Conditions #vivamail_terms_conditions#. posting_terms_caption2 Vivastreet Who we are Blog Contact us Press Corner Become an affiliate Advertise with us! Facebook Help/Info Terms of use How it works Privacy Policy How to avoid scams Featured Ads Free classifieds Regions / Counties All UK Bristol Cornwall Devon Dorset Gloucestershire Somerset Wiltshire Vehicles Buy & Sell Pets Property Classes Jobs Part time Job Free personals Community Services Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services * On Vivastreet some categories are not free to facilitate through moderation. Vivastreet remains free to individuals. Copyright © 2010 Vivastreet - Part of W3 Inc, Serviced by DM Services, W Services, Web DMUK, DMIS SARL