Glamorize Beauty Salon ? Treat the one you love ?  Post a free classified Your Account Logout All results | You are here: Home › Classifieds West Midlands › Services › Beauty - Massage - Hair Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services Glamorize Beauty Salon ? Treat the one you love ? Professional Posted 4 hours ago in Beauty - Massage - Hair Stourbridge › West Midlands Click to email this user or Tel: Ad ID 30933322 Description Contact by email Save 30933322 We offer a wide range of beauty treatments and packages, Based within a beauty and holistics centre in Stourbridge, Glamorize Beauty Salon (Based inside Bodybalance) Prides its self on providing a high standard of beauty treatments to clients throughout the UK. Glamorize Beauty salon was set up in 2010 and the company has many years of experience in the Beauty industry finding new trends in the market. Each beauty specialist has vast knowledge of products and treatments which Glamorize beauty salon tailor to meet each client's personal need and expectations. They participate in beauty and fashion events as well as donating to local charity events around the area. Helping clients to find Glamorize beauty salon in Stourbridge, the business is located on google maps for all to see the location of the business. With 2 mutli story car parks 2 minutes' walk away from the Salon, located in Victoria's passage, they are based inside Body Balance Beauty and Holistics Centre. Disabled access, baby changing facillities and toilets are avalible to all clients. The friendly therapists are happy to send out any information on request. The experience of visiting Glamorize beauty salon will be relaxing and enjoyable and clients will look forward to the next appointment in the salon. With highly qualified and skilled therapists with a friendly atmosphere, Glamorize Beauty Salon (Based inside Bodybalance) has Jenny Pavlé beauty specialist For more information or to book an appointment with one of Glamorize Beauty Salon's friendly beauty specialists, please call 07871073866 ? Glamorize beauty salon is proud to keep the standard of treatments high and keep the price of treatments low. Book now 07871073866 Jenny ? Address:- Glamorize Beauty Salon (based inside Body Balance), Victoria passage , high street, Stourbridge, west midlands, DY8 1DE Phone number:- 07871073866 Jenny:- Beauty Specialist Description Area West Midlands West Midlands Stourbridge Postal Code DY8 Type of ad Professional Offer Type Beauty Posted by MALAKA Member since 13/01/2011 Print this ad Send to a friend   Tags Back to top Body Massage Body Massage Stourbridge Beauty Salons Beauty Salons Stourbridge Help us moderate vivastreet [ Scam ] [ Miscategorized ] [ Expired ] Similar ads Back to top Professional Bridal... Woodside - DY5 Massage Therapist Hall Green - B28 Holistic Therapy Moseley - B13 Thai massage Birmingham City - B1 Independent Avon rep... Northfield - B31 Contact by email Back to top Remember to include your phone number into your message to easily be contacted back. All spamming or advertisement will be deleted right away Tel: Your email here Recipient Subject Add Attachment Message Please do not enter any email address in this box, they would be deleted by our moderators. Security Code Refresh security code Copy Security Code send_reply_validating vivamail_disclaimer_explanation vivamail_privacy_policy Vivamail Terms and Conditions #vivamail_terms_conditions#. posting_terms_caption2 Vivastreet Who we are Blog Contact us Press Corner Become an affiliate Advertise with us! Facebook Help/Info Terms of use How it works Privacy Policy How to avoid scams Featured Ads Free classifieds Regions / Counties All UK Herefordshire Shropshire Staffordshire Warwickshire West Midlands Worcestershire Vehicles Buy & Sell Pets Property Classes Jobs Part time Job Free personals Community Services Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services * On Vivastreet some categories are not free to facilitate through moderation. Vivastreet remains free to individuals. Copyright © 2010 Vivastreet - Part of W3 Inc, Serviced by DM Services, W Services, Web DMUK, DMIS SARL