Remedial Therapies and Aromatherapy Post a free classified Your Account Logout All results | You are here: Home Ý Classifieds Central London Ý Services Ý Beauty - Massage - Hair Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services Remedial Therapies and Aromatherapy Professional Posted 4 hours ago in Beauty - Massage - Hair Oxford Circus Ý Central London Click to email this user or Tel: Ad ID 30927883 Description Photos Contact by email Save 30927883 Hi I am Hana ITEC qualified holistic massage therapist, aromatherapist and future nutritionist. I work in health care industry for years and since my youth when i studied herbalism I have made into fully qualified Complementary therapist. I am registered and insured. I operate in Oxford Circus most of the days depends on bookings and some of the Saturdays. Later evening I operate from Isleworth location. What is my specialisation? Any type of remedial treatments - treatments easing the pain and healing process. Ideal for your upper back, neck, spine, lower back problems as a part of convalescence process or releasing the often tension build up from sudden physical stress (irregular sport action), incorrect sitting position, hours spent working on the computer, incorrect holding of your body posture from various reasons. Those are causing very often migranes, headaches, whiplash and frequent tiredness. With correct and regular treatment you can minimise all those problems and feel mentally and emotionally stronger, also boost your immunity system and overall well being. With connection to Aromatherapy you can really become new you not just because nice smell but mainly thanks to character and impact of aromatherapy oils on your blood stream and inner organs of your body. The treatments have remedial and relaxing purpose. I offer massage sessions between 1 and 2 hours and minimal prices. Please do not hesitate to contact me on 07745 138 368, remember i do not respond to blocked or private callers Many thanks and hope to hear from you soon Description Area London Central London Oxford Circus Postal Code W1 Type of ad Professional Offer Type Health Posted by sobisek Member since 15/06/2010 Print this ad Send to a friend Ê Tags Back to top Body Massage Body Massage Oxford Circus Sports Massage Sports Massage Oxford Circus Help us moderate vivastreet [ Scam ] [ Miscategorized ] [ Expired ] Photos Back to top Similar ads Back to top professional massage Earls Court - SW5 Hair Extensionist Palmers Green - N13 Ayurveda massage West End - W1G Lose 25 pounds in 3... Camden - NW1 Flavour Massage North Finchley - N12 Contact by email Back to top Remember to include your phone number into your message to easily be contacted back. All spamming or advertisement will be deleted right away Tel: Your email here Recipient Subject Add Attachment Message Please do not enter any email address in this box, they would be deleted by our moderators. Security Code Refresh security code Copy Security Code send_reply_validating vivamail_disclaimer_explanation vivamail_privacy_policy Vivamail Terms and Conditions #vivamail_terms_conditions#. posting_terms_caption2 Vivastreet Who we are Blog Contact us Press Corner Become an affiliate Advertise with us! Facebook Help/Info Terms of use How it works Privacy Policy How to avoid scams Featured Ads Free classifieds Regions / Counties All UK Central London East London North London North West London South East London South West London West London Vehicles Buy & Sell Pets Property Classes Jobs Part time Job Free personals Community Services Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services * On Vivastreet some categories are not free to facilitate through moderation. Vivastreet remains free to individuals. Copyright © 2010 Vivastreet - Part of W3 Inc, Serviced by DM Services, W Services, Web DMUK, DMIS SARL