neonax2 - Bicycle Carriers, Very Useful Equipments To Transport Our Bike Recent Entries Friends Archive User Info RSS neonax2 neonax2 Bicycle Carriers, Very Useful Equipments To Transport Our Bike neonax2 January 13th, 22:56 Current Mood: infuriated Karl Von Drais from Germany invented bicycle in 1817. By that time, bike did not have pedal and the rider just run for making it moves. The shape of the bike has been developed time by time. The functions and technology have also changed along with multiple innovations that contributed to the story of bicycle. Now we've a up to date kind of bicycle with multi-speed gear, bearing hub, carbon frame and several other features in it. For some reasons, people love to use their bicycle rather than using motorized vehicle. Countries like The Nederlands and Denmark are popular as the country of bicycle riders. Lots of its residents ride their bicycle as their daily transportation. Whenever they want to go to a place that faraway from their house, they can park their bicycle in bicycle special rack or carry it with bicycle carriers.Bicycle carriers are the extraordinarily helpful equipments to bring your bike while you're riding another vehicle. It's usually attached to an automobile for transporting bikes. Some countries provide bicycle carriers in any public transportation. Different country has dissimilar method. Bus mounted bike carriers can be simply attached to the front, rear trunk or the roof of the bus. In some public transportation, we can mount the bicycles on the bicycle carriers by clamping and setting both front and rear wheels. Then tight it with tightener strap to keep it secure and minimize the shaking while the vehicle is bouncing. The other way is placing the bicycle in the roof, releasing the front wheel and then tighten the fork in the steel bar with in-built locking mechanism. The rear wheel is strapped using a tightener then the top tube of the bike frame should also be tightened with rope. By doing that, you possibly can bring your bike together with you then you will be able to ride it again in your destination. It is so fun that you simply don't need to use public transportation in the place away from home. You only have to pedal your bike again to go anywhere you want. Bicycle carriers are highly suggested for those who often do mountain bike riding. You are able to carry your mountain bicycle in your car to the hill you are going to to conquer. Just go uphill with your car then go downhill in full speed with your full-suspension mountain bicycle in the mountain forest. Then, you can mount your bicycle again and return to your home. You will save the time and energy using bicycle carriers. For your own car, currently there are many manufacturers making high quality bicycle carriers. The materials can be simply alloy, steel and carbon. It comes with various ranges of price. The shape is dissimilar, depends on what kind of 4 wheels you drive. The nowadays technologies make everything so probable to reach anyplace by bringing your bicycle. It's also possible to find a bike carrier on a motorcycle. It's mostly made from foam and lightweight materials to make sure the safety of your bike. Tags: bicycle carrier ( Leave a comment ) Archive January 2011 S M T W T F S             1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31           Tags 1080p, 40th birthday party bar in london, 40th birthday party club, 40th birthday party club in london, 40th birthday party venue, 40th birthday party venues london, 4x, 4x software, 52 inch, a new credit file, acai bery, acai diet, acne, acne problem, acne spot treatment, acne spots, adobe, afa concentrate, affordable home, africa safari, after effects, air condition filter, beauty, breast enhancement pittsburgh pa, business, car insurance, chlorine free spa, furnace filter, health, improve credit, insurance, job search, lcd, luxury safari, medical, mystery method, namibia safari, online, panama, panama canal, panama guide, personal, pick up artist, plastic surgery, samsung, software, spa water treatment, term, weight, weight loss, … Powered by LiveJournal.com You are viewing neonax2's journal Log in   Create a LiveJournal Account   Learn more