AOL Expands Premium Content Offerings with Partnerships in Sports, Health and Real Estate | SYS-CON MEDIA   Jump to a SYS-CON Magazine .NET Developer's Journal apache.SYS-CON.com AjaxWorld Magazine - AWM Cloud Computing Journal cms.SYS-CON.com ColdFusion Developer's Journal crm.SYS-CON.com Eclipse Developer's Journal Enterprise Open Source Magazine Flex Developer's Journal - Flex HP.SYS-CON.com Internet Video - iTV iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE IT Solutions Guide Java Developer's Journal Linux.SYS-CON.com Open Web Developer's Journal oracle.SYS-CON.com perl.SYS-CON.com PHP.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal python.SYS-CON.com redhat.SYS-CON.com ruby.SYS-CON.com SEO/SEM (Search) Journal Silverlight Developer's Journal saas.SYS-CON.com SAP.SYS-CON.com SOAWorld Magazine - SWM Symbian Developer's Journal Virtualization.SYS-CON.com Web 2.0 Journal WebLogic Journal WebSphere Journal Wireless Business & Technology XML Journal The i-Technology Media! Register | Log in       .NET  ·  AJAX  ·  CLOUD  ·  ECLIPSE  ·  FLEX  ·  OPEN WEB  ·  iPHONE  ·  JAVA  ·  LINUX  ·  OPEN SOURCE  ·  ORACLE  ·  PBDJ  ·  SEARCH  ·  SILVERLIGHT  ·  SOA  ·  VIRTUALIZATION  ·  WEB 2.0  ·  WIRELESS  ·  XML Comments Web 2.0 Is Dead. Long Live Web 2.0! By Fuat Kircaali rabcraig wrote: I regret what i said, i dont think that Craigslist has to improve, they're really simplistic and you can search classifieds like you would do in a newspaper. Dec. 29, 2010 06:59 PM EST read more & respond » Cloud Expo on Google News  Did you read today's front page stories & breaking news?  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 West DIAMOND SPONSOR: Oracle Roadmap to Enterprise Cloud Computing PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Next Generation Cloud Management - Introducing the Virtual Enterprise Adaptivity The Enterprise Cloud Lifecycle Microsoft The Move is On: Cloud Strategies for Businesses PLATINUM SPONSORS: Red Hat Unlocking the Value of the Cloud Today SAP The Journey to On Demand - Lessons Learned from Small, High-Growth Customers Unisys What if You Could Transform IT Your Way, Using Cloud 2.0? GOLD SPONSORS: CA Technologies. Changing the Game: How to Get a Cloud Service Up and Running in Less Than 30 Days Cisco Cisco Cloud Strategy, Within and Across Data Centers Compuware Borderless Applications: The Future of Performance in the Cloud Cordys The Business Value of the Cloud Intel Next Cloud on the Horizon: Exascale to Microservers Navisite Cloud Computing – Extending Your IT Infrastructure Quest Software The Private Cloud in Practice: Case Studies & Proven Strategies Rackspace Hosting OpenStack for the Enterprise SoftLayer It's All Cloud: Blurring the Line Between Dedicated and Cloud Service Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise VMware An Evolutionary Path to Cloud Computing - VMware's Private, Public, and Hybrid Cloud Solutions Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Cloud Expo & Virtualization 2010 East PLATINUM PLUS SPONSORS: Abiquo Eliminate Vendor Lock-in with Next-Generation Virtualization Management Adaptivity Building the Cloud Blueprint for Enterprise IT GOLD SPONSORS: Cordys Continuous Business Transformation: The Cloud Value Chain Microsoft Microsoft's Cloud Services Approach Navisite Defining Enterprise-Class Cloud Computing: Managed Cloud Services Surgient Deploy an Enterprise Private Cloud in Less Than 30 Days with Surgient Terremark Parting the Clouds - Evaluating Clouds and Cloud Providers for the Enterprise The Planet The Cloud’s Not the Revolution: Cloud Usage Is Unisys Storm Clouds - Disruptive Technologies Creating the "New Normal" Virtual Ark Third-Generation Outsourcing Is Here! Click For 2009 West Event Webcasts  Live Google News by SYS-CON! Top Three Links You Must Click On From the Wires AOL Expands Premium Content Offerings with Partnerships in Sports, Health and Real Estate By: Business Wire Jan. 13, 2011 05:01 PM AOL Inc. (NYSE: AOL) today announced new content partnerships with Sporting News, Everyday Health and Move Inc. (NASDAQ: MOVE), advancing its strategy to build the premier content network on the Web. These partnerships represent another step in the aggressive turnaround of AOL and are an excellent outcome for our consumers, advertising partners and shareholders. Today’s announcements are a continuation of AOL’s strategy to create unique original content, acquire brands, audience, technology and talent, and to partner with leading content brands and influencers. “AOL will be doubling down on our strategy in 2011,” said Tim Armstrong, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, AOL Inc. “As part of that effort, we will be partnering with companies in areas that add strength to the consumer experience and drive profitability for AOL. The three deals we are announcing today universally improve AOL and allow us to build for the future.” In 2010, AOL closed deals with more than 20 premium content partners and digital studios to deliver a mix of high quality programming to AOL's audiences. The company re-launched AOL.com in a cleaner, more user-friendly and video rich environment; launched the video series “You’ve Got…” on AOL.com; re-launched AOL Video and combined video assets with 5min Media; realized a surge in video traffic; acquired TechCrunch to further strengthen AOL’s tech footprint on the Web; vastly improved the user experience with the beta launch of AOL Mail under Project Phoenix; re-imagined the Web for users and advertisers with the new Project Devil display ad format; and built Patch into a world-class local experience with more than 750 communities in the U.S. Details of today’s announcement are as follows: AOL is partnering with Sporting News, the online source for real-time breaking sports news and information, as its new sports content provider for day-to-day coverage of a comprehensive range of sports. Through this partnership Sporting News Feed will become the flagship sports destination for AOL in the United States covering the NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL, NASCAR, college football, college basketball, and soccer. Sporting News is a longstanding brand name in sports journalism providing comprehensive, relevant sports coverage. AOL users will have access to great sports coverage with a link from the AOL Homepage to a soon to be re-launched Sporting News web site, where FanHouse followers will also be able to access and read their favorite writers and contributors. AOL is partnering with Everyday Health, the operator of the largest health property on the Internet. In December 2010, Everyday Health was once again the leader in the health category with 26.8MM unique visitors. This partnership will provide our audience with quality health content and tools to meet their ever-growing demand for trusted health and wellness information. Everyday Health will become the health destination for AOL’s users. The AOL homepage and other AOL Network sites will link to Everydayhealth.com where users can access best in class health-related information, expert advice, and robust community features. AOL is partnering with Move Inc., the industry leader in online real estate listings which is affiliated with the National Association of Realtors, to provide users with a best-in-class listings experience when searching for homes online. The partnership allows AOL Real Estate to focus on enhancing the user experience with original, high-quality content, prominent industry expert advice and industry-leading how-to video guides. The AOL Real Estate and Move partnership will also provide real estate professionals broader access and more visibility to AOL Real Estate’s millions of users. The Move partnership brings experts in data management to AOL Real Estate providing consumers with access not only to the most accurate and comprehensive data about homes for sale, but also property records, school and neighborhood information. The partnerships allow AOL to retain and develop the FanHouse and AOL Real Estate brands as well as health content through local, video and select areas that are core to the company’s strategy. Other terms were not disclosed. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial and operational performance and other matters. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the transaction and other statements identified by words such as "may," "will," "intend," "should," "expect" or similar expressions. These statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs, and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances, including, but not limited to, changes in our plans, strategies and intentions; the competitiveness and quality of our products and services; our ability to retain, hire and develop key employees; and the intensity of competition. Any forward- looking information is not a guarantee of future performance and actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by the statements herein, due to changes in economic, business, competitive, technological, strategic and/or regulatory factors, as well as factors affecting AOL's operations and businesses. More detailed information about these factors as they relate to AOL may be found in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in AOL's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. AOL is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to, update or alter the forward- looking statements contained in this press release, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. About AOL AOL Inc. (NYSE: AOL) is a leading global Web services company with an extensive suite of brands and offerings and a substantial worldwide audience. AOL’s business spans online content, products and services that the company offers to consumers, publishers and advertisers. AOL is focused on attracting and engaging consumers and providing valuable online advertising services on both AOL’s owned and operated properties and third-party websites. In addition, AOL operates one of the largest Internet subscription access services in the United States, which serves as a valuable distribution channel for AOL’s consumer offerings. About Move, Inc. Move, Inc. (Nasdaq: MOVE) is the leader in online real estate with 11.6 million monthly visitors to its online network of web sites. Move, Inc. operates: Move.com, a leading destination for information on new homes and rental listings, moving, home and garden and home finance; Realtor.com(R), the official web site of the National Association of Realtors(R); Moving.com; SeniorHousingNet; Top Producer Systems, and ListHub. Move, Inc. is based in Campbell, California. About Sporting News Founded in 1886, Sporting News is a multi-media company catering to real sports fans. Launched in August 2010, Sporting News Feed is a differentiated approach to the coverage of sports in the US, delivering aggressive, to-the-source reporting and curated related recommendations around breaking news and trending sports stories. With an independent voice, now greatly enhanced with the addition of FanHouse and its nationally acclaimed columnists, strong emphasis on multimedia content delivery and a commitment to making sports conversations more informed and social among friends, Sporting News Feed delivers a “go-to” experience for real fans and the advertisers looking to engage them. Sporting News content is also available in Sporting News Magazine, Sporting News Today, Sporting News Fantasy and Rowdy.com. Sporting News serves as the national sales representative for CineSport, a leading video programming and reach vehicle in the sports category. Sporting News is a division of American City Business Journals, Inc., publisher of 40 city business journals, SportsBusiness Journal, SportsBusiness Daily, NASCAR Illustrated and Inside Lacrosse. About Everyday Health, Inc. Everyday Health is a leading provider of health solutions. The company provides consumers, healthcare professionals, and brands with content and advertising-based services across a broad portfolio of over 25 websites that span the health spectrum – from in-depth medical content for condition prevention and management to lifestyle offerings in pregnancy, diet and fitness. With over 27 million unique users each month (source: comScore), Everyday Health offers users the tools, community, and expert advice they need to live healthier, every day. The Everyday Health portfolio includes well-recognized and trusted health brands, including www.EverydayHealth.com; www.Carepages.com; PDRHealth.com; www.WhatToExpect.com, from the world-renowned pregnancy and parenting brand, What to Expect; and www.JillianMichaels.com, from Jillian Michaels, star of the hit NBC television show, “The Biggest Loser.” The portfolio now includes www.medpagetoday.com, a news organization serving healthcare professionals. Everyday Health was founded in 2002 by CEO, Ben Wolin, and President, Mike Keriakos and investors include Foundation Capital, NeoCarta Ventures, Revolution, Rho Ventures, Scale Venture Partners, Technology Crossover Ventures and Village Ventures. Published Jan. 13, 2011 Copyright © 2011 SYS-CON Media, Inc. — All Rights Reserved. Syndicated stories and blog feeds, all rights reserved by the author. About Business Wire Copyright © 2009 Business Wire. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Business Wire content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Business Wire. Business Wire shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Subscribe to the World's Most Powerful Newsletters Subscribe to Our Rss Feeds & Get Your SYS-CON News Live! Click to Add our RSS Feeds to the Service of Your Choice: View Additional SYS-CON Feeds Publish Your Article! Please send it to editorial(at)sys-con.com! Advertise on this site! Contact advertising(at)sys-con.com! 201 802-3021  SYS-CON Featured Whitepapers ADS BY GOOGLE  Breaking Java News ATW Gold Corp.: Name Change to Redhill Resources Corp. OnStar Looking for Application Developers of the Future C7 Technologies and Dalcon Communication Systems, Inc. Announce Partnership TeamStaff, Inc. Announces Delay of Year End Results Billionaire Alki David and Mike Mozart Release Second Incendiary CBS Video in Response to Leslie Moonves' Comments American Capital Agency Corp. Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock The X-Change Corporation Completes the 2010 Audit and Files a 10k to Complete the Asset Purchase of 21-Century Silicon, Inc. LSSO's Legal Lean Sigma(TM) Process Improvement Certifications Help Legal Profession Increase Efficiency, Deliver Value and Boost Profits Seattle Lighting Receives First Batch of VU1 ESL Energy Efficient Light Bulbs INOVA Announces Sale to One of the Largest Operating Crews in Southern Iraq  ADVERTISE   |   MAGAZINE SUBSCRIPTIONS   |   FREE BREAKING-NEWSLETTERS!   |   SYS-CON.TV   |   BLOG-N-PLAY!   |   WEBCAST   |   EDUCATION   |   RESEARCH .NET Developer's Journal - .NETDJ   |   ColdFusion Developer's Journal - CFDJ   |   Eclipse Developer's Journal - EDJ   |   Enterprise Open Source Magazine - EOS Open Web Developer's Journal - OPENWEB   |   iPhone Developer's Journal - iPHONE   |   Virtualization - Virtualization   |   Java Developer's Journal - JDJ   |   Linux.SYS-CON.com PowerBuilder Developer's Journal - PBDJ   |   SEO / SEM Journal - SJ   |   SOAWorld Magazine - SOAWM   |   IT Solutions Guide - ITSG   |   Symbian Developer's Journal - SDJ WebLogic Developer's Journal - WLDJ   |   WebSphere Journal - WJ   |   Wireless Business & Technology - WBT   |   XML-Journal - XMLJ   |   Internet Video - iTV Flex Developer's Journal - Flex   |   AJAXWorld Magazine - AWM   |   Silverlight Developer's Journal - SLDJ   |   PHP.SYS-CON.com   |   Web 2.0 Journal - WEB2 Apache   |   CMS   |   CRM   |   HP   |   Oracle Journal   |   Perl   |   Python   |   Red Hat   |   Ruby on Rails   |   SAP   |   SaaS SYS-CON MEDIA:   ABOUT US   |   CONTACT US   |   COMPANY NEWS   |   CAREERS   |   SITE MAP SYS-CON EVENTS:   |  AJAXWorld Conference & Expo  |  iPhone Developer Summit  |  Cloud Computing Conference & Expo  |  SOA World Conference & Expo  |  Virtualization Conference & Expo INTERNATIONAL SITES:   India  |  U.K.  |  Canada  |  Germany  |  France  |  Australia  |  Italy  |  Spain  |  Netherlands  |  Brazil  |  Belgium  Terms of Use & Our Privacy Statement     About Newsfeeds / Video Feeds Copyright ©1994-2008 SYS-CON Publications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All marks are trademarks of SYS-CON Media. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of SYS-CON Publications, Inc. is prohibited.    close this window