Train Museum a Boost for Aiken Businesses? | WJBF–TV Welcome Guest | | Register | Contact Us Place an Ad | Advertise with Us News Georgia South Carolina Crime Tracker Education Politics Special Reports Consumer Business National World Internet & Technology Database Center Links We Mentioned News Tip 6 Stock Markets »NEWS Weather VIPIR Radar 6 Day Forecast Allergy Alert Contest: George Said It Would SCHurricane.com »WEATHER Sports Football Friday Night FFN Play of the Week Scholar Athlete Award Soccer Info »SPORTS Entertainment Community Calendar» Events Movie Listings Dining Out Find a Venue Performers Watch ABC Shows Movie Listings Lottery Horoscopes On WJBF-TV Sudoku Box Office Movies Celebrity News »ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyles Health Health & Wellness Expo Buddy Check 6 Cancer Answer Living Well Family Flight Tracking Gas Watch Exercise Cooking Recipes Take One Moment Vehicle MPG Adopt-A-Pet »LIFESTYLES Community Giving Your Best Extreme Makeover Augusta Your Hometown Children First Golden Apple Contests Coffee Club Lunch Bunch Caring for Carolina Community Calendar Pass It On The Means Report Voices of Freedom »COMMUNITY Socialize Talk Back 6 Snap! Photos Register »SOCIALIZE Video News Sports Entertainment Lifestyles Weather »VIDEO About Us Bios FCC Careers Advertising »ABOUT US Services RSS Email Alerts Text Alerts »SERVICES Marketplace Shopping Real Estate Classifieds Autos Jobs You forgot to enter your search term. |   newsnews RSS Text Size Print Share This Home / news / local / Train Museum a Boost for Aiken Businesses? By Kait Rayner Published: January 13, 2011 » 0 Comments | Post a Comment  At the Aiken Visitors Center and Train Museum there are real trains, and model ones.   “Dioramas are the star. They love seeing the train go through the dioramas,” said Scott Raines, who volunteers at the Center.  One of the goals of the museum is to bring new people to town; specifically, people who will spend money. Funded in part by taxpayer dollars, the project carried a hefty price tag of 3 million dollars So Thursday, we stopped by to see if there were actually tourists inside.  While there aren’t any visitors here now, we’re told that thousands of people have signed their names in the guest book. Operators of the Aiken Visitors Center and Train Museum say that since it’s opened, it’s proven to be a tourist destination.  “We have visitors coming in this weekend and one of them is a 12 year old boy who really loves trains. So this will be a chance to bring him down and show him something Aiken has that will peak his interest,” said Bill Johnson.  But is the depot helping downtown businesses?   “I think that the depot is going to be an exciting, long term opportunity for Aiken businesses,” said Liz Stewart.  Liz Stewart is the president of the Aiken Chamber of Commerce. She says business owners; especially those on Park Avenue have already expressed excitement over the development of that part of town.  “They can make recommendations, they can pass out materials. When folks are visiting its very easy to say well while you’re here, you might want to walk down the next two blocks and check out one of our retailers,” she said.  Even though the museum is open for business, construction continues. The plan is to add dining cars and a baggage building within the next few years. Share This: Email My Facebook Delicious Digg Twitter Favorites More Advertisement   View More: No tags are associated with this article Not what you're looking for? Try our quick search:   More from this channel: MCG Research: Enzyme Inhibition Or Removal May Prevent Or Treat Ischemic Retinopathy Mended Hearts Group Gives Back To USC Aiken Animal Winter Safety No One Hurt In Washington Road Car/18-Wheeler Accident Mississippi Economy Working Slowly Toward Recovery   Suspect Wanted For Entering Autos In Columbia County Sex Offender Sought In Richmond County Three People Arrested In Aiken County Drug Investigation UPDATED: Power Restored For 8,000 Aiken Electric Co-Op Customers Best Ways To Keep Pets Warm In Frigid Temperatures   Advertisement Reader Reactions Voice your opinion by posting a comment. Sort newest to oldest Results Loading... Post a Comment (Please Sign In | Register) Please avoid offensive, vulgar, or hateful language. Respect others. Use the "Flag Comment" link when necessary. See the Terms and Conditions for details. Please sign in to respond | Sign In | Register Deal of the Day Advertisement WJBF Community Initiatives   Community Calendar WeekMonthMap Browse by CategoryArts & CraftsBusiness & TechCommunityDanceEducation/CampusFairs & FestivalsFood & DiningMusicOtherPerforming ArtsShoppingSports & OutdoorsVisual Arts Add a Listing» Complete list Advertisement   In the Neighborhood You need Javascript enabled to see this map. You can also get local news at outside.in.   Links We Like Advertisement latest staples coupons Games, Puzzles & Trivia Advergaming and Branded Media WJBF-TV    Terms and Conditions | Work with Us WJBF-TV: FCC-EEO Report | FCC 388 | FCC 398 | Site Search | Closed Captioning | Email Developing News Partners: MascotVote.com | WJBF Classifieds Regional Partner Links: WSAV | SCNow | WSPA | WCBD | WRBL Calais - Powered by Thomson Reuters