Disabled Friendly: City Leaders Plan To Revamp Augusta's Municipal Building | WJBF–TV Welcome Guest | | Register | Contact Us Place an Ad | Advertise with Us News Georgia South Carolina Crime Tracker Education Politics Special Reports Consumer Business National World Internet & Technology Database Center Links We Mentioned News Tip 6 Stock Markets »NEWS Weather VIPIR Radar 6 Day Forecast Allergy Alert Contest: George Said It Would SCHurricane.com »WEATHER Sports Football Friday Night FFN Play of the Week Scholar Athlete Award Soccer Info »SPORTS Entertainment Community Calendar» Events Movie Listings Dining Out Find a Venue Performers Watch ABC Shows Movie Listings Lottery Horoscopes On WJBF-TV Sudoku Box Office Movies Celebrity News »ENTERTAINMENT Lifestyles Health Health & Wellness Expo Buddy Check 6 Cancer Answer Living Well Family Flight Tracking Gas Watch Exercise Cooking Recipes Take One Moment Vehicle MPG Adopt-A-Pet »LIFESTYLES Community Giving Your Best Extreme Makeover Augusta Your Hometown Children First Golden Apple Contests Coffee Club Lunch Bunch Caring for Carolina Community Calendar Pass It On The Means Report Voices of Freedom »COMMUNITY Socialize Talk Back 6 Snap! Photos Register »SOCIALIZE Video News Sports Entertainment Lifestyles Weather »VIDEO About Us Bios FCC Careers Advertising »ABOUT US Services RSS Email Alerts Text Alerts »SERVICES Marketplace Shopping Real Estate Classifieds Autos Jobs You forgot to enter your search term. |   newsnews RSS Text Size Print Share This Home / news / Disabled Friendly: City Leaders Plan To Revamp Augusta's Municipal Building By Archith Seshadri Published: January 13, 2011 » 0 Comments | Post a Comment City leaders will spend $18 million dollars to make Augusta’s municipal building disabled friendly. Mayor Copenhaver says work at the municipal building will start after the new judicial center is complete in March. And if you’re disabled, paying your water bills or your taxes at the municipal building will be one step easier. Tim Hollobaugh has used a wheelchair for the past 7 years. He uses it cross the street and go down sidewalks, as long as there are no bumps on the road.  "If you have goods and services I can't get to them, I can't shop.  If you make your shop accessible downtown but the curbsides are any good, I can't use those goods and services," said Tim Hollobaugh. But his five year struggle with Augusta-Richmond County to provide easier access for the disabled has finally paid off. The first step, a renovated municipal building that will make it easier for people like Hollobaugh to use. Right now, only the first floor has handicap access to the restrooms and to get in to the building, you have to enter through the back.  Unlike the Judicial Center that is compliant with the American Disabilities Act, Mayor Copenhaver says the challenge will be to retrofit older buildings in the city. "It's not just an effort to make our buildings more accessible here but throughout the community as we do new projects," said Deke Copenhaver. The mayor says they city will purchase new buses and work on road projects like Walton Way to make it easier and safer for the disabled. "On the buses there's only 2 spots for wheelchairs so if somebody is already on the bus with a wheelchair, one of us has to wait for the next bus," said Shirley Hollobaugh. "Getting downtown to attend events can be very dangerous and it shouldn't have to be that way,” said Tim Hollobaugh. Mayor Copenhaver says the delay in making all buildings compliant boils down to funding. The money for the renovation will come from SPLOST funds. Share This: Email My Facebook Delicious Digg Twitter Favorites More Advertisement   View More: Augusta-Richmond County, Deke Copenhaver, Judicial Center, Mayor, Shirley Hollobaugh, Social Issues, Tim Hollobaugh Not what you're looking for? Try our quick search:   More from this channel: Train Museum a Boost for Aiken Businesses? Study: 2010 Political Ads Set Record in Negativity Disabled Friendly: City Leaders Plan To Revamp Augusta's Municipal Building US Justice Dept'S National Security Chief Leaves Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst Closer to Senate Run   Steele'S Time as Rnc Chairman Seems Closing Justice Dept'S National Security Chief Leaves Silence Greets Calls For Changes in Gun Laws US Man Guilty of Trying to Export Arms to Iran Execution Scheduled For Preschool Teacher Slaying   Advertisement Reader Reactions Voice your opinion by posting a comment. Sort newest to oldest Results Loading... Post a Comment (Please Sign In | Register) Please avoid offensive, vulgar, or hateful language. Respect others. Use the "Flag Comment" link when necessary. See the Terms and Conditions for details. Please sign in to respond | Sign In | Register Deal of the Day Advertisement WJBF Community Initiatives   Community Calendar WeekMonthMap Browse by CategoryArts & CraftsBusiness & TechCommunityDanceEducation/CampusFairs & FestivalsFood & DiningMusicOtherPerforming ArtsShoppingSports & OutdoorsVisual Arts Add a Listing» Complete list Advertisement   In the Neighborhood You need Javascript enabled to see this map. You can also get local news at outside.in.   Links We Like Advertisement latest staples coupons Games, Puzzles & Trivia Advergaming and Branded Media WJBF-TV    Terms and Conditions | Work with Us WJBF-TV: FCC-EEO Report | FCC 388 | FCC 398 | Site Search | Closed Captioning | Email Developing News Partners: MascotVote.com | WJBF Classifieds Regional Partner Links: WSAV | SCNow | WSPA | WCBD | WRBL Calais - Powered by Thomson Reuters