Need Help to lose Weight. Here is the answer Post a free classified Your Account Logout All results | You are here: Home › Classifieds Worcestershire › Services › Beauty - Massage - Hair Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services Need Help to lose Weight. Here is the answer Individual Reposted 3 hours ago in Beauty - Massage - Hair Warndon › Worcester Click to email this user Ad ID 30565672 Description Photos Contact by email Save 30565672 DESPERATE to LOSE WEIGHT? Tried everything else? Now YOU CAN shed those unwanted pounds- LOOK and FEEL great again. This is THE DIET Program most people would LOVE to know about. Learn how to: LOSE 2 to 7lbs per month consistently. LOSE that weight and feel great. EAT less and enjoy it more. SATISFY those appetite and hunger feelings quickly. LEAVE food on you plate and feel good about it. VISUALISE the way you will look when all that extra weight is off. Hello and welcome We have all been there, tried all those different diets, yet still find it hard to lose weight and keep it off. As ever, diet and exercise are essential to our health and well being. But most times we need something more. Yet, it always seems so hard to resist those foods we know we should not have… Or at least have them in moderation. NOW you have the chance to help control those urges. This programme can help you release the power of your mind to achieve GREAT results. You will learn how to resist over eating and choosing unhealthy food. How to LOVE your new shape and keep it that way. Lose 2 to 7lbs per month consistently By diligently following this program, it can help you to lose weight, as part of your diet and exercise regime. We all need a little help. Lose that weight and feel great Losing weight can not only make you look better, but feel better also. Not to mention the health benefits. Eat less and enjoy it more Sounds strange, but you will find this to be true. But you have to train yourself to do this and accept it as YOUR way of life in future. Satisfy those appetite and hunger feelings quickly. Now there’s the key. That’s the hardest part of dieting. NOW you can learn to control your intake of food. As you know, most creatures only eat what they need, so we CAN and NEED to do the same. How often do you see a fat monkey? Leave food on the plate and feel good about it That’s a hard one. It’s tough to leave that delicious food on the plate. To eat only what we need is BASIC to weight loss. Learn to accept this. See how the weight comes off. Visualise the way you will look when all that extra weight is GONE Imagination is a great thing. It’s even better when what your dream becomes a reality. Just imagine how you will feel when you look in the mirror and see your new shape, the way you WANT to be and the way you LOVE to be. NOW you have the chance to LEARN how to achieve these goals. This INCREDIBLE value-for-money programme can be yours at a cost you would not expect. Featuring RANDY CHARACH, a well known hypnosis expert to the stars in the USA. This programme has been used by many Hollywood celebrities to gain amazing results. NOW you can take part in this AMAZING program in the privacy of your own home. GET that help you need to lose that weight, feel relaxed and be proud of the results YOU CAN achieve. Simply follow this 30-day programme on the Self Hypnosis CD to achieve the breakthrough in losing those inches and find your ideal shape. You want to LOOK and FEEL fantastic. This programme can help you reach that goal. Just visit www.retaylors.co.uk and see the difference it can make to your life. You deserve to look and feel great, don’t you? • Those who ‘Rave about Randy’ Include... John Travolta, Sean Penn, Tony Curtis, AT&T, Coca-Cola, Xerox, IBM And many more! Description Area West Midlands Worcestershire Worcester Postal Code WR4 Type of ad Individual Offer Type Beauty Posted by invest47 Member since 21/10/2009 Print this ad Send to a friend   Tags Back to top Beauty Salons Beauty Salons Warndon Help us moderate vivastreet [ Scam ] [ Miscategorized ] [ Expired ] Photos Back to top Similar ads Back to top AEGEAN MASSAGE THERA... Claines - WR3 Abbie's mobile beaut... Blakebrook - DY11 Great beauty salon Hanley Swan - WR8 Realx with hypnother... Abbot's Salford - WR11 Mobile Nail technici... Redditch - B97 Contact by email Back to top Remember to include your phone number into your message to easily be contacted back. All spamming or advertisement will be deleted right away Your email here Recipient Subject Add Attachment Message Please do not enter any email address in this box, they would be deleted by our moderators. Security Code Refresh security code Copy Security Code send_reply_validating vivamail_disclaimer_explanation vivamail_privacy_policy Vivamail Terms and Conditions #vivamail_terms_conditions#. posting_terms_caption2 Vivastreet Who we are Blog Contact us Press Corner Become an affiliate Advertise with us! Facebook Help/Info Terms of use How it works Privacy Policy How to avoid scams Featured Ads Free classifieds Regions / Counties All UK Herefordshire Shropshire Staffordshire Warwickshire West Midlands Worcestershire Vehicles Buy & Sell Pets Property Classes Jobs Part time Job Free personals Community Services Models - Auditions - Photography Web design - computer repair Event Planning Find a tradesman Beauty - Massage - Hair Removals - Man with a Van Interpreting - Translation Financial Services Transport Services Astrology - Psychics Other Services * On Vivastreet some categories are not free to facilitate through moderation. Vivastreet remains free to individuals. Copyright © 2010 Vivastreet - Part of W3 Inc, Serviced by DM Services, W Services, Web DMUK, DMIS SARL